Add CSP health check article (#6426)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending/health-check/guides/contentsecuritypolicy.md

> # Health check: Content Security Policy (CSP)

Reviewer: No need for adding "Health Check" here - let's keep it consistent with the other Health Check guides 💪 

```suggestion
# Content Security Policy (CSP)
```

Author: I updated the PR with your suggestion but 'Health check: ' is used in the other articles right?

For example: 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e92a99e1-91b3-408a-9d23-d31355049380)

## How to fix this health check
This health check can be fixed by adding a header before the response is started.

Preferable you use a security library like [NWebSec](https://docs.nwebsec.com/).

### Adding a Content Security Policy (CSP) using NWebSec

If you take a NuGet dependency on [NWebsec.AspNetCore.Middleware/](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NWebsec.AspNetCore.Middleware/), you can use third extension methods on `IApplicationBuilder`.

```csharp
...
WebApplication app = builder.Build();
app.UseCsp(options => options
    .ImageSources(s => s
        .Self()
        .CustomSources(
            "our.umbraco.com data:",
            "dashboard.umbraco.com"))
    .DefaultSources(s => s
        .Self()
        .CustomSources(
            "our.umbraco.com",
            "marketplace.umbraco.com"))
    .ScriptSources(s => s
        .Self())
    .StyleSources(s => s
        .Self())
    .FontSources(s => s
        .Self())
    .ConnectSources(s => s
        .Self())
    .FrameSources(s => s
        .Self()));
```

### Adding a Content Security Policy (CSP) using manual middleware

> Avoid third-party library dependency by using custom middleware added to the request pipeline.

Reviewer: Suggested a small rewrite here, to make it a little more clear what the code snippet below does.
Let me know if it does not make sense!

```suggestion
Avoid third-party library dependencies by using custom middleware added to the request pipeline as shown below.
```
